Okay, go from here
No suggestion. Go away.
Most of the other children were with their mother.
Why should my parents let go?
Bye. Leave it to you.
Mom is not leaving today.
Ah, I want to say goodbye.
Mom, sleep with me.
If you don't come out for a moment, I'll draw it for you.
What happened? What was the last thing to say?
Do you hate me?
Why and when did you say it?
I just feel like you will be very similar to the beginning?
During the process, although I don’t like to distribute games.
I have a saying that is true. The story is
Our three inner questions
In fact, how can you even get friends on board?
I told you too
I don't want you to feel guilty and unhappy
There is no need to practice regularly
You don’t have to let you be in front of me
Become a fan of yours
what kind of person are you
I don't care about habits
I don't deny what you said
You don't like me
But there is something you said wrong